11/16/23

So I've been thinking too much about this I guess; I picked the wrong school for this major.
From the moment I saw the Bachelor of Arts on my DegreeWorks page, I had my doubts, but I suppressed it and trudged on.
Then came the misunderstanding of how many of my actual credits would not transfer and the types of untransfered credits I suppose.

The classes are too large, I can't really ask any questions. They simply want to just get through their lesson plans, as it is foolproof!
When do I become a dependable human being? 
I HAD IT BEFORE, WHAT CHANGED?
This thought tends to make me feel as though I've peaked, nothing else I do can come close to what I was. I am unable to accept my changing body and demeanor. 
Maybe I never really was as good a student as I once thought I was.

I guess covid and the breakup happened, I have been weak since. I'm not even sure if I worked through the breakup at all. Maybe just learned to suppress again.
Why did the whole world decide to be one way and immediately also revert to what it once was?
I suppose I am the problem. 

I just read something that basically said: 
'Always try your best, your best will change from moment to moment, such as when you're sick but you must still try your best, in-order to avoid regret and self-abuse.'
I suppose that was one of the ideas I use to run with when I was peaking, but I didn't really see the second half, merely was affected by the first.

All the weird things I read on the typing site, were they my fuel? Was my aspiration merely built atop various platitudes in a sober mind? Could anyone else say otherwise?

My past accomplishments kept my reputation afloat, no one has yet to tell me to leave yet. 

What must change? I already know that I have to change; WHAT ABOUT ME HAS TO CHANGE AND WHY?

I think I'm depressed, I feel alone, this house hurts to live in. 

Am I too scared to try? The two most primal emotions are joy and fear, I must fear something.
Must I egg myself on to be courageous and not give in? Despite my constant failures, where would this supposed confidence come from?
Confidence through humility must be the approach. I am not much, but I still have my life, however slow or painful it may be to do so, I must go on.

The breakup? My guess is that I thought I finally could let myself open up to someone, not be alone. Who could've thought a girl I had known for 4-5 months wouldn't understand, lol.
Since I was 16 years old, I knew I was not a part of this family.
I had always thought about the choices I had, who to live with, why I chose these 'lesser' people.
I always thought it was because of my mother, honestly, it was because of Abenezer, even when he wasn't here.
No she must have been a driving force, I loved her so much as a child

I lived my life as though it were just a waiting room until my probable and eventual death at an early age, but it never came.
Now I'm relegated to path through the failed adult life, wallowing in self pity.
Will I overcome? I doubt this happening, but I will progress I suppose. 
